[Applause]
Israeli bombs are raining down again in
Northern Gaza targeting civilian
[Applause]
areas on Monday morning explosions hit
the mhro neighborhood of B
lahia buildings crumbled trapping people
in the
rubble Panic spread among thousands of
Palestinians Sheltering
here I was passing through this road and
all of a sudden the Earth was shaking as
if it was an earthquake pieces of flash
are strewn over the walls look for
yourself I'm collecting pieces of
flash I was in the market came home to
find all my brothers and sisters gone
all of them were killed ripped to pieces
their flesh scattered all over the
place at the nearby Kamal Adan hospital
emergency rooms are overwhelmed with the
continuous influx of victims including
many children and the
elderly this medical facility is one of
the few still barely operating in
Northern Gaza and facing a lack of Staff
medicine and
supplies Israel has been intensifying
its military operations across the strip
in the past 3 weeks earlier this month
troops and tanks began moving into
Southern Gaza targeting the city of Rafa
civilians were ordered once again to
head to other areas but with the entire
strip under Relentless bombardment they
find themselves with nowhere to go Axel
zovich Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer